Good Things in Video Games

Weapon selection similar to Runescape or Dark Souls
Weapons play differently
	Spear - large sweep, slow recovery
	Bow / xBow  - Free aim, QTE similar to Bastion
	Shield - parry similar to Bastion / Dark Souls

When an enemy is killed:
	Save their sprite in a final pose, randomly remove pixels from it. These fly upwards,a nd the whol sprite
		turns a black / blue

Quest Items:
	Bow, Bomb, Mage
Teleport Nodes?
Ghost enemies leave  a trail of their sprite, which graduallly dissapears

No quest handholding
	-Sidequests are briefly described in the quest log, as well as the current stage of the quest
Difficult Enemies which patrol large areas
Rewards are actually valuable - not just monetary / consumables
Money actually being valuable, end tier items cost large quantities of money
Upgrading weapons use materials similar to Dark Souls
NG++++++++
Difficult side areas - more difficult than last main quest area.
Early portions of the game open up to reveal new areas with side bosses later in the game (i.e. Mewtwo cave in Pokemon Red)
Items unlock new areas (Zelda style)
Pausing in cutscenes
Working as a team
	Friendly characters should have things to say
Menu options - turn off specific features, turn down audio. 
Quests involving extra characters - they follow the main character, distinct playstyles
Character gradually changes visually (i.e portrait)

If using xp:
	types of monsters only yield xp for so many kills
	encourages everywhere to be explored

AI:
	Player could leave a 'trail' that dissapears over time
	npcs can follow this to find the player

Quest Ideas
	Find the sword of a cool hero from lore
		the sword is actally pretty average, it was the hero's skill all along!!!!!!

To make the world seem more alive
	Other players in the wilderness
	Foraging similar to Red Dead
		Skills such as herablism, alchemy, mining
	critters i.e. chickens!
	Random npcs which follow a plan similar to majoras mask. i.e. tend crops at 7am, go to pub at 6

cloud shadows

TODO
Object Manager to work with camera
Stream Content?
Load object Manager content similar to Tile
Load Character Function

Then start on the stats system, combat, finish physics
When adding physics - debug control to draw the collision circles / boxes for each object!
Abilities - i.e. simple projectiles such as throwing knives

Console commands
-Create object (item / enemy / particle / doodad / light) at {Point}, {Vec}
-Draw Collision Boxes
-Draw TileManager Grid 
-Draw Tile Data

Leads to AI

Quests / Dialog / Scripting